license: fix docs (#7838)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/sql/statements/set-license.rst

.. highlight:: psql
.. _ref-set-license:

===============
``SET LICENSE``
===============

Sets the license Key.

.. rubric:: Table of Contents

.. contents::
    :local:

Synopsis
========

::

    SET LICENSE license_key

Description
===========

> ``SET LICENSE`` registers a CrateDB license key to the cluster.

Reviewer: registering  "to the cluster" sounds a bit odd to me.

"registers a license key that will enable CrateDB to operate in Enterprise Edition".

If the license registration is successful, CrateDB will continue to operate

> in `Enterprise Edition`_ until the license expiry date.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should mention here that a switch to community edition is possible - with a link to the enterprise setting?

> .. NOTE::

Reviewer: I think this note should just link to the "enterprise features" where we describe the expiration/switching to community edition behaviour already.

Reviewer: eg. For more details on switching between Enterprise and Community edition and handling expired licensese see :ref:`enterprise_features` 

Or something along those lines.

    Should the license registration fail, the cluster will continue to
    operate in the existing mode e.g. ``Enterprise`` as long as
    the current license is still valid (i.e. not expired).

    When the existing licence expires, the cluster will run in a *degraded mode*,
    allowing only read only system information operations and the
    ``SET LICENSE`` statement.

.. SEEALSO::
    - :ref:`enterprise_features`

Parameters
==========

License Key
-----------

> The ``license_key`` parameter is the encrypted representation of a CrateDB license.

Reviewer: I'd not go into the encryption details here. I don't think that provides any useful information to the user (and it's fairly inaccurate as well as it's the encoded license information - which happens to contain an encrypted bit)

I'd keep this brief and maybe talk about what the license means for the product not what it actually is.

Author: I am OK to keep it brief but talking about what license means for the product at this place (parameters) also seems a bit odd. 

I'll move this info in the sys.cluster session as @mfussenegger suggested

> A CrateDB license is comprised of the following information:

Reviewer 2: /cc: @dominikmoosbrugger @joemoe

>     - ``expirationDateInMs``: The :ref:`data-type-timestamp` on which the license expires.

Reviewer: as above, imo this is too much information and maybe this should be mentioned where we document the sys.cluster.license column

    - ``issuedTo``: The organisation for which the license is issued.

.. SEEALSO::

>     You can retrieve registered license information from the system information tables.

Reviewer: "the registered"

I would also not use "retrieve" but maybe "check the currently registered license" or something like that (as retrieving implies getting a license ie. generating one)

>     You can retrieve registered license information from the system information tables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can view the current license by querying the `sys.cluster` table.
```
